---
layout: post
title: "South Carolina Being Anti-Trans"
description: "...Again - when have they not?"
date: 2022-12-08
tags: Rant
---

Anyone who reads my blog will know that I reside in the awful state of South Carolina.
SC is diverse in that we have mountainous regions, large cities, stretches of nowhere, swamplands, coastal cities, etc. etc. etc. 

What is ever prevalent about this state is that we have young people willing to change things but simultaneously, as with many deep-south states (especially rural Red areas), we suffer from an *"Old Boys"* issue. And no, that doesn't mean that there are too many old people.

#### Before I dive any further, lets grab a song:

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/5jBgbKKNSfE3JIixvDb4Jl?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="152" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

<hr>


# The *Old Boys*

So what does this mean? Basically it's a system of nepotism. More often than not if you know a person's family member, played with their kid, babysat, served in church with them; *they'll do you some type of favor.* It often extends getting jobs that otherwise shouldn't be given - 
(*girl getting a Jr. Software Dev job despite just starting CompSci school that semester, knew the hiring manager's daughter and wife*) - and in some cases it even extends to getting out of trouble, such as the below...

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">EXCUSE ME? <a href="https://t.co/Fd6kADpXyU">pic.twitter.com/Fd6kADpXyU</a></p>&mdash; Eli Erlick (@EliErlick) <a href="https://twitter.com/EliErlick/status/1600237617529778176?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">December 6, 2022</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script> 

If you're curious what this references, please refer to this <a href="https://twitter.com/EliErlick/status/1600239603373383681">post</a> about disgraced Army Officer, Emily Rainey and this post that confirms the <a href="https://twitter.com/socialistdogmom/status/1599510368766021633">domestic terrorism</a> she took part in celebrating

<hr>

#### If you know someone...
You can do a lot of things in the South. There's too many people here that are unwilling to let that go, it seems.

So we keep Foghorn Leghorn, our governor. (Henry McMaster)
We keep all the useless Sherriff's that *do nothing*, and have no oversight.

People in these states seem to vote for some simply because, *"I know him from Church! Whatta great guy!"*, or otherwise just simply know their names. 

But of course we do have an overwhelming amount of hateful and bigoted people in this state. My family shows that. My partner's family has shown that. And our recent legislature is showing it as well.

# SC vs Trans Lives

![to amend the South Carolina Code of Laws by adding Section 40-47-300 so as to provide definitions; by adding Section 40-47-310 so as to provide that a person younger than twenty-one years of age may not undergo gender transition procedures; by adding Section 40-47-320 so as to provide that a person younger than twenty-one years of age may receive appropriate medical services otherwise related to gender transition procedures under limited circumstances; by adding Section 40-47-330 so as to provide prerequisites for a person older than twenty-one years of age to undergo gender transition procedures; by adding Section 40-47-340 so as to provide that no public funds may be used to pay for gender transition procedures; and by adding Section 59-32-35 so as to provide that gender identity disorders may be taught as part of a comprehensive health education program, to provide that students with gender identity disorders must be encouraged seek mental health treatment for the disorder and must not be encouraged to seek gender transition procedures, and to provide that school personnel must notify parents when they learn that a student suffers from a gender identity disorder.](/img/22-12-8-sc/sc-bill.png)

*<a href ="https://legiscan.com/SC/text/S0274/2023">thats....</a> a lot to unpack.*

### Rather than tackle this myself, I'm gonna have Erin Reed tag in

Erin actually has a platform and is far better at explaining things than I ever could. She has a fantastic <a href="https://erininthemorn.substack.com/p/south-carolina-just-proposed-an-adult">write up</a> regarding this horrible legislature.

### I'm terrified
*"This bill is the worst detransition bill that I have ever seen. If it passes, South Carolina will be the most restrictive state in the United States for gender affirming care"*

**If this were to pass - I would be forced to detransition**, much to the pleasure of my parents I'm sure; however they would not enjoy the aftermath as they attend my funeral. I simply cannot afford medication & additional procedures such as psychiatric appointments for a simple letter. **Make no mistake - this a targeted witch hunt. This is, in effect, a genocide driven law.**


# My plan as of now.

I'm forced to remain in South Carolina for an additional 1 & 1/2 years, this is non-negotiable. I have no idea what things will look like (politics wise) in-between now and 2024.

When that time is up, and everything is settled, I would like to move to New York. I think that may be the best course of action for us regarding safety. It would at least have the three peas of the poly-pod together, finally.

In the end of all this I just hope I come out alive and well. I just want to be happy. I envy people who live in blue states.
